# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-emit-project --no-dev --frozen --no-hashes -o lockfiles/requirements.txt
amqp==5.3.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kombu
ansible==10.7.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
ansible-core==2.17.14 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via ansible
ansible-runner==2.4.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
asgiref==3.10.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.4.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==5.0.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via paramiko
billiard==4.2.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via celery
cachetools==6.2.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via google-auth
celery==5.5.3 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
certifi==2025.10.5 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.4 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via requests
click==8.3.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via celery
cryptography==46.0.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   paramiko
django==5.2.7 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-json-agg
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   quipucords
django-axes==6.5.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
django-cors-headers==4.9.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
django-environ==0.12.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
django-filter==25.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
django-json-agg==0.0.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
djangorestframework==3.16.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   quipucords
drf-spectacular==0.28.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.10.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via drf-spectacular
durationpy==0.10 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kubernetes
fqdn==1.5.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
google-auth==2.41.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kubernetes
gunicorn==23.0.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
idna==3.11 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via drf-spectacular
jinja2==3.1.6 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via ansible-core
jmespath==1.0.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
jsonschema==4.25.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via celery
kubernetes==34.1.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via openshift
lockfile==0.12.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via python-daemon
markupsafe==3.0.3 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via jinja2
more-itertools==9.1.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
oauthlib==3.3.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via requests-oauthlib
openshift==0.13.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
packaging==25.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-runner
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
paramiko==3.5.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
pexpect==4.9.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   ansible-runner
    #   quipucords
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via click-repl
psycopg==3.2.10 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
psycopg-c==3.2.10 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via psycopg
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via pexpect
pyasn1==0.6.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.24 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
pynacl==1.6.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via paramiko
python-daemon==3.1.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via ansible-runner
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kubernetes
python-string-utils==1.0.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via openshift
pyvmomi @ git+https://github.com/vmware/pyvmomi.git@e6cc09f32593d263b9ea0b611596a2c505786c6b ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
pyyaml==6.0.3 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-runner
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   kubernetes
    #   quipucords
redis==5.2.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kombu
referencing==0.37.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   quipucords
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kubernetes
resolvelib==1.0.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via ansible-core
rpds-py==0.24.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   quipucords
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via google-auth
six==1.17.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   openshift
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.15.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.14 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.9.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via kubernetes
whitenoise==6.11.0 ; (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'darwin') or (implementation_name == 'cpython' and sys_platform == 'linux')
    # via quipucords
